'''string methods'''
1.capitalize()-the capitalize method converts the first charecter of the string to the upper case and remaining to the lower case.
2.casefold()-this converts the string into lower case.
3.center()-
4.count()-returns the number of times a specified value in a string.
5.encode()-returns the encoded version of the string.
6.endswith()-endswith returns true if the string ends with the specified value.
7.expandtabs()-it sets the tabsize of the string.
8.find()-it searches for  the specified value in the string and returns the position where it was found.
9.index()-it searches for the specified value in the string and returns the position where it was found.
10.isalnum()-returns true if all the characters in the string are alphanumeric.
11.isalpha()-returns true if all the characters in the string are alphabets.
12.isascii()-returns true if all the  characters in the string are ascii characters.
13.isdecimal()-returns true if all characters in string are decimals.
14.isdigit()-returns true if all the charecters in the string are digits.
15.isidentifier()-returns true if the string is an identifier.
16.islower()-returns true if all the characters in the string are lower.
17.isnumeric()-returns true if all the characters in the string are numeric.
18.isprintable()-returnns true if all the characters in the straing are printable.
19.isspace()-returns true if all the characters in the string are having whitespaces.
20.istitle()-returns true if all the words in the string starts with uppercase.
21.isupper()-returns true if all the characters in the string are uppercase.
22.lower()-it converts the string into lowercase.
23.replace()-returns the string where specified value is replaced with a specified value.
24.rfind()-it searches for the specified value in the string and returns the position  where it was found.
25.rindex()-it searches for the specified value in the string and returns the position where it was found.
26.startswith()-returns true if the string starts with the specified value.
27.swapcase()-swaps cases,lowercase to uppercase and viceversa.
28.title()-it converts the first character of eachword to uppercase.
29.upper()-it converts the string into uppercase.
30.zfill()-fills the string with the specified number of 0 values at the begining.







